one of the things I really love about my job is that it provides a lot
of flexibility. A zloty as I get things done when I get them done when
I do them is pretty much, for the most part, up to me. I mean, there
are some things that I have to do at a certain time, but most things
were pretty flexible. Um, and what that means for me is that,
you know, it does give me that ability to pursue other things that I
want to dio, um, you know, hobbies that I want Thio engage with places
I wanna go, people I want to see. Um, I could do all of those things
and still be able Thio do my job. So I do feel like I get I get
ample time thio pursue other things that I find fun and interesting.
It definitely goes by the season, So, you know, when we're in the
middle of a semester, you know, when the spencers in season than it
is usually much more work focused unless, like, you know, hobby and
entertainment focused, but, um, during the winter break during the summer
break, I think I have a lot of flexibility in a lot of time. Um,
Thio do things that that I want to dio. But even during the semester,
you know, I mean, I'm not working like 9 to 5 in an office. Eso
you know, if I'm not teaching or if I don't have a scheduled meeting,
it's really up to me. What I do with my time again, it's task based.
I have things that need to get done. Um, but I have a lot of flexibility
in terms of when I do that. And so that allows for me Thio
engage in other activities that I also find, um, rewarding.